# 
Overall Project Description: This is a data entry and retrieval application designed to allow the user to add, query and delete database entries. The idea behind this application is to allow the tracking of automobile inventory that is available on an automotive lot. The first screen (Activity 1) is the welcome screen, which shows two alternating slides of Lamborghini sports cars. This screen also contains a exit button that will allow you to close and exit the app completely and a Database button that will switch you to the database function (Activity 2). It also contains a Internet button that will switch to Internet Access (Activity 3).
Each record in the database table will contain a unique automobile ID, an automobile model type and the quantity of that model of auto currently in inventory. The second database view contains three TextViews an Automobile ID which is a primary key in the database, Automobile model and Model Quantity. Each TextView has an associated EditText field. The Automobile Id TextView associated EditText field is initially entitled “Not Assigned” the data entry will be assigned a automotive Id once the entry is added. In addition, there are three buttons, Add, Find and Delete. The Add button for adding entries, the Find button for finding entries and a Delete button for deleting entries. The emulator back button takes you back through Activity screens and Activities.
Once the record has been added the text boxes will clear. Enter the name of one of the newly added products into the product name field and touch the Find button. The form should update with the product ID and quantity for the selected product. Touch the Delete button to delete the selected record. A subsequent search by product name should indicate that the record no longer exists.
In addition the App will provide Internet Access for the salesperson to do on the spot automotive research in regards to pricing of new and used cars or any relevant data by clicking on the Internet button which when accessed they will press the connect button for internet access.
This application also has notification, alarm and animation implemented by its software code.
